README.md, before:

# Myflix - Netflix Clone

A full-stack Netflix clone built with:
- Next.js for server-side rendering
- React for the frontend
- Tailwind CSS for styling
- Prisma as data abstraction layer
- MongoDB for storage
- NextAuth for authentication
- TypeScript for type safety

## Features

- Authentication system with NextAuth
- Responsive design across all devices
- Movie browsing interface
- User favorites system
- Modern UI with Tailwind CSS

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```
3. Set up environment variables (see `.env.example`)
4. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```
5. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Next.js, React, TypeScript
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **Database**: MongoDB with Prisma ORM
- **Authentication**: NextAuth
- **Deployment**: Vercel

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## Deployment

The easiest way to deploy is using [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme).

Commit message:

docs: update project and readme with logo and details
Add the project logo to PROJECT.md and README.md for better visual representation. Update README.md with a brief description of the project's purpose and technologies used. Also, reorganize TODO.md to reflect completed and pending tasks more clearly.

README.md, after:

![Logo](public/logo.svg)

MyFlix is a full-stack web application that allows users to browse, search, and watch movies and TV shows. It is built using React, Next.js, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, MongoDB, Prisma, NextAuth, and Vercel.

A full-stack Netflix clone built with:
- Next.js for server-side rendering
- React for the frontend
- Tailwind CSS for styling
- Prisma as data abstraction layer
- MongoDB for storage
- NextAuth for authentication
- TypeScript for type safety

## Features

- Authentication system with NextAuth
- Responsive design across all devices
- Movie browsing interface
- User favorites system
- Modern UI with Tailwind CSS

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```
3. Set up environment variables (see `.env.example`)
4. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```
5. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Next.js, React, TypeScript
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **Database**: MongoDB with Prisma ORM
- **Authentication**: NextAuth
- **Deployment**: Vercel

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## Deployment

The easiest way to deploy is using [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme).
